<!-- DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE; it is auto-generated from readme.txt -->
# Széchenyi 2020 Logo (WordPress plugin)

This WordPress plugin places a Széchenyi 2020 logo on the frontend at any position.

**Contributors:** [foldesistudio](https://profiles.wordpress.org/foldesistudio)

**Donate link:** [PayPal](https://www.paypal.com/donate/?business=47DJVT44PCDGW&no_recurring=0&currency_code=HUF)

**Tags:** floating content, floating logo, floating sidebar, floating wordpress sidebar, hungary, logo, popup, scrolling banner, scrolling sidebar, static block,
sticky advertising, sticky sidebar, szechenyi, szechenyi 2020, szechenyi 2020 logo, wordpress sticky plugin, Széchenyi Plusz, Széchenyi Terv, Széchenyi Terv Plusz, Demján Sándor, Demján Sándor Program

**Requires at least:** 5.2

**Tested up to:** 6.9

**Requires PHP:** 7.4

**Stable tag:** 1.2

**License:** [Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)


## Description ##

### Széchenyi 2020 Logo ### 

The [Széchenyi 2020 Logo](http://wordpress.org/plugins/szechenyi-2020-logo/) plugin is an all-in-one solution with user-friendly controls that enables you to place a Széchenyi logo as a sticky footer or header on your website.

Additionally, you can modify the default placement parameters manually using the admin page or WP-CLI commands.

All settings parameters are stored as transients, which means that the final rendered HTML and CSS source codes on the frontend are cached by WordPress for improved performance.

## Languages ##

Available languages are listed below:
* English
* Hungarian

## Important Notes ##

The default settings are for guidance only. The developer of the plug-in assumes no any warranty and/or responsibility.

This is an unofficial plug-in and completely a hobby project. Széchenyi logos source from szechenyi2020.hu

## Installation ##

1. Upload `szechenyi-2020-logo` to the `/wp-content/plugins/` directory
2. Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' menu in WordPress
3. After activating, a floating logo is displayed on your website automatically
4. Activated menu can be found in left side `Settings` menubar  and top adminbar
5. Modify default parameters manually (optional)

## Frequently Asked Questions ##

### How to use it for other logos? ###
This plugin displays only the Széchenyi 2020 logo. However, you can contact us on [Földesi Videó Stúdió](https://foldesistudio.hu/kapcsolat/) official website to request a custom version of this plugin for other logos.

### Can I control floating logo to display only on selected pages / posts / categories? ###
No, you cannot. After activating, the floating logo is displayed on all parts of your website.

### Does it require a shortcode to display the floating logo on the website? ###
No, it does not. This plugin does not use any shortcode to display on websites.

### How can I modify the default settings? ###
If you wish, you can modify the default placing parameters manually under `Settings` > `Széchenyi 2020 Logo`. 
You can also use the top admin bar or WP-CLI command-line interface to modify these.

### What do I need to use the WP-CLI command-line interface? ### 
Use `wp szechenyi-2020-logo help` in the command-line to learn more about basic commands. To use WP-CLI, you will need to have it installed on your hosting server (it does not come with WordPress by default).

### Is it the official plugin? ###
No, it is not. This is a hobby project.

### Where do used logos come from? ###

Széchenyi logos source from szechenyi2020.hu

### Where do I report security bugs found in this plugin? ###

Please report security bugs found in the source code of the Széchenyi 2020 Logo plugin through the [Patchstack Vulnerability Disclosure Program](https://patchstack.com/database/vdp/18e9899f-f66d-499f-a145-640e7cc50274). The Patchstack team will assist you with verification, CVE assignment, and notify the developers of this plugin.



## Changelog ##

### 1.2 ###
* General security improvements and including a fix for an LFI vulnerability
* Added an optional close button for the floating logo
* Added widget support
* Added Gutenberg block support

### 1.1 ###
* Added WP-CLI support (see `wp szechenyi-2020-logo help` command)
* Fixed transients clearing
* Improved loading and rendering
 
### 1.0 ###
* Initial Release

## Upgrade Notice ##

### 1.2 ###
* General security improvements and including a fix for an LFI vulnerability
* Added a Gutenberg block, widget support and an optional close button for the floating logo

### 1.1 ###
* Added WP-CLI support and some improvements

### 1.0 ###
* Initial release, thus no upgrade notice




